[circle-mpqsolver] Fix 'README.md' for qerror_ratio parameter (#10392)
Samsung/ONE: compiler/circle-mpqsolver/README.md

--output_model: Output qunatized mode

> --qerror_ratio: Target quantization error ratio. It should be in [0, 1]. 0 indicates qerror of full uint16 model, 1 indicates qerror of full int8 model. The lower `qerror_ratio` the more accurate the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--qerror_ratio: Target quantization error ratio. It should be in [0, 1]. 0 indicates qerror of full int16 model, 1 indicates qerror of full uint8 model. The lower `qerror_ratio` indicates the more accurate solution.
```
